Web1: The permissionless open sourced web with static content.
Web2: The permissioned web, with dynamic content. Where companies run your agreements on their servers.
Web3: The permissionless web, with dynamic content. Where decentralized censorship resistant networks run your agreement and
code. It generally is accompanied by the idea
of user owned ecosystems, where the protocols
you interact with you also own a portion of,
instead of solely being the product.

A Smart Contract is...
-Cannot be altered (immutable)
-Automatically executes 
-Everyone sees the terms of the agreement

Defi- Decentralized Finance
Use MetaMask as a Wallet!

- use Test networks mainnet so that we can use them without real money!
- mainnets cost money and they are considered Live

Latest Faucets link:- A crypto faucet is a website or application that awards registered users with small amounts of cryptocurrency in exchange for completing a simple task such as viewing an ad or participating in a short survey
Connect your wallet to the faucet!
 Link to faucet- https://faucets.chain.link/        //connect your wallet here!

 Faucet can be used to give test Ethereum to our wallet for free!
 "Faucets dont exist on real networks"

 Q> For some reason I dont know why Rinkesby Etherscan isn't updating my test transaction!
 
 Transaction Fee and Gas:- Blockchain Runs on nodes, whenever you do a transaction on a node, a small amount of money gets paid to the node Operator.
                            The money the node Operators gets paid is based on the concept of the amount of Gas used.
                            GasPrice* Gas_Used= Transaction Fee
    
    How Block Chain Works?
        :Hashing:  Normal how password hashing works...
        :Block: Similar to Hashing, but just that it stores multiple answers and passwords and converts all of it into one single hashed array
    
    Hash Algorithm: A function that  computes data into  a unique hash
    Mining: The process of finding the soln to the blockchain problem. Nodes get paid for maning a particular node.
    Block: A combinatino of nonce, previous hash, current hash etc...it can have many other fields also
    Blockchain- multiple Blocks together
    Nonce: the number used to get this hash. In Ethereum nonce also depicts the number of transactions from a given address!

    Private Key: its like a password that is generated for each transaction(Keep this a secret, only you can see if its your transaction happening)
    Public Key: this is the key that is provided to the public. Now any person can come and verify if the transaction was successfull or not using this Public Key

    We can basically Sign a Transaction using a Private Key!
